[MUSIC]
>> Kevin Whinnery: The exercise that
we are just working on was to integrate
Rollbar into our error handling
process for our application.
Now, I did sort of a quick and
dirty solution.
So I can show you what happens,
but Rollbar does provide
a Node.js module that you can
include in your application.
So, you can NPN install a Rollbar.
And if you're doing
an application based on Express,
they have a connect to middleware
that you can plugin after the rest
of your routes have been defined and
it will handle the integration
of handling or it'll pass off all
the data that I can glean from
the request off to Rollbar
whenever an exception is thrown.
So I have my error handler here and
my disposable account ID which
I'll terminate shortly, but
I also have introduced a route
in the application which I
intend to throw an exception.
So when I open up my browser, hit Error.
In development, Express will actually show
me the stack trace here in the browser.
And in production mode, it won't do that,
but I've generated an error.
I got a stack trace and I need to
know I need to know what's going on.
So I'm gonna head over to Rollbar and
look at my dashboard and
I've just signed up for this account,
so I have a lot of to-do items.
I can invite more people to my team.
It's setup deployed tracking,
which is actually super useful.
When you do a deploy,
you can possibly correlate errors
to a particular deployment.
There's lots of different
stuff you can do.
But on the dashboard,
I can see what errors have occurred from
my application over the last 24 hours.
So I can see, I sent like the Hello World
message during the onboarding experience
and now I'm starting to
get an actual error.
So if I click on that,
I can see the status of that issue.
It's actually possible to have your
team resolve issues through Rollbar.
We don't actually use Rollbar for that.
We use PagerDuty to actually
track down who is responsible for
closing out an issue, but there
are some workflow possibilities there.
If we scroll down, we get the entire
traceback from our application showing us
the error happened on
line 37 of webapp.js.
So, it helps us to understand
where the error occurred.
It'll tell us when all the occurrences
have been, so we get a timestamp.
The browser that generated
the operating system, if available.
The route,
which of our servers it came from.
So if we're running the application on
multiple servers, we can help track down
the precise box that it came from and we
can go in a couple other bits from this.
If we had a logging user, we could
configure our Rollbar integration to
actually send the account information or
some kind of account identifier for
a user to Rollbar as well.
So we could say, account one, two, three,
four just experience this error in
the production environment like
maybe we need to follow up.
We can see some graphs about
like the browser and OS.
If you have deployments configured,
you can see those deployments.
You can see what the potentially
suspicious deployment would be and
other similar errors.
Now when one of these things happens
where the value of this comes in is
the is the notification scheme,
because if an error happens and
nobody is listening, then it doesn't
really matter how effectively you log it.
So on a on a personal and
on a project level,
you can configure different
notification channels.
The only one that's active
by default is email, but
you can notify yourself of errors in
many many different ways as you can see.
Again, the one we like
to use is PagerDuty,
cuz PagerDuty has itself some very
robust notification capabilities and
it can alert an entire chain of command,
essentially and
escalate at each level if you know
one person doesn't answer the page.
So we usually, I have Rollbar.
We have Rollbar passed through
to a PagerDuy when necessary.
Any questions on a Rollbar?
>> Kevin Whinnery: A very
simple integration.
There's more data that you can
send to help diagnose your errors,
but very easy to get setup.
Definitely I recommend it, if you're
looking for a service like this one.
Lets you know when bad stuff is happening.
It's just one part of
a notification scheme.
The other things that you'll wanna
look at configuring are maybe
a Pingdom configuration that
will check your servers from
the outside world to ensure
that they remain accessible.
You can check the HTML, that's coming back
to ensure it's doing what you expect.
And then within Elastic Beanstalk,
if you're running on Beanstalk,
there are some configurations
around notifications as well.
You can setup, such that when certain
events happen on your instances.
You can see that happen.
As you can see,
since the load has died down,
the other two instances that got
spun up have been terminated.
And so,
I'm backed down my single instance.
Over here in a monitoring,
you can dig into the data
coming out of your instances.
And then with the alarms,
you can see if any are alarm
configuration you have.
So for like a CPU utilization and
say, let's see.
If I click on this little alarm,
we can send out
notification if the CPU goes
over a certain level and
we can specify an email
address that gets that.
There's also other services Amazon
provides that are more robust like
a cloud watch that can do
more notifications about
happenings going on
inside your AWS account.